I’ve been suffering from a very rare type
of cancer since I was eight years old.
I have a tumor growing
along my spine next to my heart.
It causes heart problems
and very violent back pains.
I begged Jehovah not to fall apart.
I was going to break down,
and before I had even finished my prayer,
I felt a veil
of peace and serenity envelop me.
Jehovah was holding my hand,
and I could almost hear
him saying, ‘I’m with you.’
Experiencing such extreme trials
allowed me really
to taste Jehovah’s undeserved kindness,
and that’s wonderful.
There are a lot of things I’d like to do,
but I am unable to because of my sickness.
I’ve had many feelings since my childhood:
frustration, anger, even denial.
But Jehovah really helped me
accept my situation.
My parents always taught me
to cherish my relationship with Jehovah.
Today, I just need to know
that Jehovah loves me.
When I don’t feel well,
I pray to him very intensely
for very precise things.
Each time, he answers my prayer.
Matteo started to pioneer when he was 14.
We
—his parents—
along with his brother, his sister,
and his friends thought,
‘If Matteo, who has cancer,
can be a regular pioneer,
then we should also do it.’
Today, the most precious blessing is to see
that Jehovah
is always there for me, constantly,
and I know he will never let me down.
His “undeserved kindness”
is sufficient for me.